---
title: "2020"
date: 2021-07-11T20:22:46-07:00
draft: true
---

It's 2021, but in some ways it still feels like 2020.

The last year or so was probably the _least_ favorite part of my professional
career as a Software Engineer. Pandemic and US politics aside, it's the year
that software engineering became _purely_ transactional.

<!--more-->

Gone were "coffee walks", casual lunches, brainstorming on a whiteboard. Every
email and nearly every chat or video call was about _getting something_, either
me requesting help or resources, or someone else requesting help or resources
from me.

I thought about quitting - going as far to take nearly 8 weeks off, updating
my LinkedIn, and trying out a few different digital courses on Udacity/Udemy.
Ultimately, (and somewhat ironically) I was promoted during that same time for
prior work, and ended up moving from a UI infrastructure TL role to a full-stack
TL/M role in a consumer-facing product.

Some things about this new job make me really excited - new faces, new technical
(and people) challenges, some make me anxious - being responsible for others
performance reviews and the bureaucracy that comes with that; and others are
already a bit scary - like the chaotic nature of parts of my larger org and
the fast growing nature of both the team and product.

I relaunched my blog, with this post, to find more avenues to express what I've
been doing and thinking about, and as a forcing function to get myself to write
more. Please hold me accountable :)

~ Matan
